444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.

    Computing technology is something that became more important in the last decade, and is effecting social and economic 
between people in a lot of ways because of the fast growing of internet.
    When we talk about social today, many people would think of social medias, which almost dominates many youngsters’ daily 
life online, which, for me, is difficult to determine whether it is good or bad. This kind of technology brought the world 
closer with internet, it kept people away from one another to some extends since people don’t need even have to be in the
same room for meetings or classes in the near future with VRs. 
    Social wise, it can be very controversial, but when it comes to economies, not so much. Computing technology is helping our 
economies in many ways. First, computer technologies as hardware products, such as smartphones and VR headsets and high-spec
graphics cards that’s needed to run VRs, are all things that we couldn’t imagine a decade ago, these things opened up new and
huge markets, which helped our economies. Second, those technologies can also be software products, these are not tangible, 
but operating systems and a lot other soft wares has increased billions of people’s productivities, which, helped our economies.
Next, Computing technology as a way to sell products. EBay, amazon, and countless others, opened up a new way to do, not only 
nationally, international transactions, which also benefits international economies, and reinforces existing social relations 
as well between countries. Finally, Computing technology as the currency itself. Bitcoins are the perfect example; we can say 
that it is not possible that we will all be using virtual moneys in the future. And this case, the technology can even possibly
become economy itself.
    So, I think Computing technologies can not only be something that we can use as a product to fight poverty and support economic
development, it can be a perfect means of communication, or, became the essential part of economies. 


